Symfony: update config to match latest releases (#3274)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/php/guides/symfony/config.mdx

> All configuration for Symfony is done in `app/config/config.yml`.

Reviewer: This is wrong, it's a remainder from Symfony 2.

If user uses Symfony Flex, it will start from the recipe: https://github.com/symfony/recipes-contrib/blob/master/sentry/sentry-symfony/3.0/config/packages/sentry.yaml
So it's in `config/packages/sentry.yaml

Author: Thanks, I've updated the references in this file.

    request: 1
    subrequest: 1
    console: 1

> services:

Reviewer: I would add a small comment here to say that this piece is suggested but not required. It makes duplicate reporting of events if `register_error_listener` is still set to `true`.

Reviewer 2: Agreed, but it should be underneath where all the other options are being explained.

Also mark this as being in `config/services.yml` file. There are all levels of developers out there and spelling it out is sometimes required and makes for a much less frustrating experience for everyone.

Reviewer 3: would not say this need to live in the `config/services.yaml` its okay to be in the `config/packages/sentry.yaml` because it is part of the sentry configuration. Its not common that bundles the define the service definitions for there package in there config file. So you actually see that this service definition is only here because of sentry and not part of your application service definitions.

https://github.com/symfony/recipes-contrib/search?q=services

Author: Okay, thanks for pointing it out. I moved this to a separate paragraph, let me know if it is accurate now.

you can read more about those in the [general configuration docs](../configuration/),
and on the [PHP specific SDK docs](../config/).

> If you use Monolog, you can configure it by appending a `services` entry to your configuration file:

Reviewer: I would explain this piece with a bit more detail:
```suggestion
If you use Monolog, you can use it to report events instead of the normal error listener approach. To do so, you must turn `register_error_listener` to `false` and configure our `Handler` as a service, like this:
```

Also, @ste93cry are you sure that this is all it's needed? Shouldn't we hook the handler somehow? With either `autoconfigure: true` or by changing Monolog's config?

Reviewer 4: >are you sure that this is all it's needed?

Yes, I know there is some work going on in the [`symfony/monolog-bundle`](https://github.com/symfony/monolog-bundle) repository to support out-of-the-box the registration of our handler, but being a WIP work I don't know when it will land

Shouldn't we hook the handler somehow? With either `autoconfigure: true` or by changing Monolog's config?

We could register the handler ourselves in the DI container so that users don't have to, if the service is `private: true` it will be dropped during the compilation phase if it's not used and so users will not have one more unused service in their service container. However, I don't think it's worth doing it because:

- The Monolog configuration is too app-specific and we cannot hook into it because the ordering matters: in fact, even Symfony does not allow merging multiple `monolog` configuration nodes
- The handler has a few options which can be tuned (`$level` and `$bubble`), and if we register the service and the user wants to customize those parameters they will have to anyway override the service definition. Usually these parameters are what you set when registering an handler in the Monolog configuration, so the best DX experience we could provide is to support using our handler directly in the Monolog bundle

Reviewer: @ste93cry sorry I posed the wrong question: I was asking if, in the context of this doc, we should instruct the user to do something else or if just by registering the service it will be hooked into Monolog automatically.

Reviewer 4: Registering the service is not enough, you then need to use it in the configuration of the Monolog bundle. However, how and where you use it is dependant on the user configuration and what he wants to do. Maybe could we link to the Monolog documentation for this part?

Reviewer: We definitely need to tell the user that adding the handler to the Monolog config is required.

```yaml {filename:config/packages/sentry.yaml}

> sentry:

Reviewer 3: think we should here again going on the symfony coding standard and use `4 spaces` in yaml files like we did it in the other doc

Author: Done
